The young barkeeps eyes light up. “Wow, I didn't expect you to say yes. OK. I always come prepared.” he said as he pulled out a couple of single serving size bottles of white wine. “Really?” you respond. “Hey, it’s the best I could do on short notice.” he laughed.

On one of the paths that start from the back patio he leads you up an incline and through some light brush until reaching a sign that reads “No Entry. Trail Closed for Habitat Regeneration.” The barkeep ignores the sign and you both continue up the trail another few minutes around the base of a large hill which when you look back successfully obscures any views of the Garden Hall. It feels like you’ve entered a different land.

Embedded along the hill are several plants each with a whitish, calloused looking half dome from which protrudes scores of finger-like appendages. The larger plants have appendages the diameter of your arm. “Stay clear of these. They can be nasty” the barkeep says. On cue several begin rubbing their appendages together making a menacing snake like hiss. Just up the path are a group of plants that look as if they could be from the same family but have a single trunk about 7 feet tall topped with a single, large and leathery flower. The bases are thick and muscle-like with blunt appendages. “These are even worse. They have stingers that can reach you 10 feet away.” he says. As if to prove his point one of the “trees” had a young doe at it’s base covered protectively by one of it’s stubby appendages. From the tip of the appendage grew a network of filaments extending over and into the poor, long since deceased doe. You shudder and give these plants a wide berth. Still you can’t help but stare in sick fascination while passing.
Close by on the opposite of the path is a broad swath of plants you recognize. You wonder if the “stinger trees” purposely placed themselves in close proximity. Commonly known as “Jump Scares” or “Leaky Bladders” they acted as if they were living motion detectors connected to a Jack-in-the-Box. If you remember correctly a pause in photosynthesis is caused by nearby shadows and triggers a quick release of gases from the plant’s internal stomata which in turn deflates an internal bladder. The escaping gas from the bladder rapidly inflates a second internal mechanism which in turn shoots out the top of the plant. An ingenious design to scare away roving herbivores.

It’s late afternoon now and that means dusk is rapidly approaching at this time of year. Up the path you can make out lightly glowing lanterns hung from a row of trees and beneath them a man walking his dog. To your horror he kicks the dog over the side of the trail and watches as it tumbles down the slope. The bartender, apparently a dog owner, stands up incensed ready to charge up the trail. At the last second you recognize the man up the hill as Mr. Watercress.
