Frustration perhaps removes some of your caution and as a result you begin to yell for help. You continue yelling for some time before a scraping noise catches your attention. It’s the bookcase rotating from one corner across the floor. From this vantage point you can see a groove worn into the floorboards where the bookcase has apparently been moved several times in the past. As the bookcase moves you see a hole in the floor and very quickly an odd looking, shoeless man climbs out. His pungent, unwashed smell fills the room. He looks quite mad with dirty fingernails,  tangled long hair and leaning on a battered cane. Looking around the room he appears startled when spotting you but walks over. He squats down and examines your situation. He reaches down, unlocks a metal collar around the vent, lifts it over your head and steps back. This gives you the room you need to work yourself free from the vent and climb out. He seems calm but his appearance is unnerving so you step back a safe distance. “Who are you and what are you doing on the Garden Clubs land?” you ask. Your questions seem to make him agitated. He rocks rhythmically. “Club land? Club Land? Whose land?” he says. “Watercress, Watercress. I acquiesced. He must confess!” he continued and began dancing a crazy jig yelling “Watercress! Watercress!”.

The entire scene is fantastically bizarre and you feel now is the time to run while he is preoccupied with his fit. You back toward the door and then suddening bolt. You run and run, retracing your steps back to the main hall. Out of breath you burst into the fundraiser. While jumping up and down pointing out the door you yell “There’s a madman in the garden dancing and shouting!” Silence. You can see members and their guests look at you in quizzical shock or they look away in embarrassment. After a few moments people resume their conversations as if your outburst hadn’t happened. Standing there feeling about as alone as you ever have you realize it is pointless to stay. You walk out the door disoriented but also with a strong premonition that this is your last  trip to Garden Hall. The End.
