From one hole to another - it makes no sense. At least you know you won’t get stuck. It’s dark tho... not to mention it probably smells bad. What possible reason could you have to go down there? But thinking about it you knew suddenly that you were going to climb down that hole. Exactly because of the fact it was the ridiculously wrong decision is why you felt compelled to choose it. A character flaw? Your family always said so. Sometimes you just have to double down and charge ahead.

Walking quietly to the bookcase you lower yourself into the hole. Luckily there is a ladder. Good, you were hoping the descent was not going to involve free climbing. Down and down you go into pitch black. The rungs of the ladder are the only things offering reassurance at this point. At last the rungs end and your feet touch solid ground but there is truly no light. You use your hands and move slowly by feeling walls. Occasionally your feet kick what must be clothing or god knows what that belongs to the crazy looking hermit man. At last you reach something familiar - a door knob and feeling some more… yes a door! You pull the door open and are surprised by a luminescent glow coming from a passage way outside. Turning around you realize the room is faintly visible now - enough to see that it is not big, roughly the size of a bedroom. The floor is littered with old clothing and blankets, some books and several candles. You find the matches next. Choosing one of the larger candles you light it for a better look around.

The walls appear to be covered floor to ceiling in writing and hand drawn images. The word “watercress” is written and crossed out over and over - scores of times. Drawings show strange monsters eating all manner of things. Also drawn are trucks moving what look like trees and smaller plants. Men are shown unloading and planting the trees. All of this is surrounded by large amounts of text too small and poorly written to make out clearly in the dim light. The walls are littered with crazy. The smaller blocks of text appear to have been written at different times in different media. The letters are poorly formed and hard to read and while you recognize individual words the sentences they form seem nonsensical. It does seem that some of the text is autobiographical and mentions donations to the Garden Club itself. “Oh. this is interesting…” you think. A mention of the Hollyhock family. A boy. Lots of memories written. His lost family. Sadness. A love. Betrayal of some kind. The stories go on and the writing becomes unintelligible. This feels like a very dark place inhabited by a shattered person living in pain. Suddenly you feel uneasy and want to leave as there can be nothing good for you in this place.
