You flash a smile and a friendly wave as you break into a trot passing by Mr. Watercress on the narrow path. He looks disappointed but smiles in return and adds “I’ll see you around then.”

Some ways down the path and out of sight you slow down, sit on a boulder, take off your sandals and rub your feet. These shoes are definitely not meant for exercise. You must be getting close to the Main Hall because you can smell fresh bread baking. The smell reminds you just how hungry you are after all this walking. Overhead, a tropical nearby tree is heavy with fruit on its outer limbs hanging down slope from the path. A few half eaten fruits lie on the path. They look light brown in color and spongy in texture. Picking one up you realize they smell of fresh baked bread so it’s these you smell not the anything from the fund raiser. Yet another native plant you learned about during a lecture commonly known as the ‘Oven Roll Tree’ for obvious reasons. “Why not?” you think. “I can easily climb this tree and try one.” A few moments later you are shimming out a branch toward the fruit and over the downward sloping hillside. Unfortunately your dress gets caught on a snag and as you reach awkwardly to free the fabric you lose your balance and cartwheel through the air to the canopy of a lower plant. “Phew!” you think. That was close and you are certainly glad no one was around to witness your lack of gratefulness. Looking now for a way back up the hillside you notice around you barrel sized, translucent containers. “Oh my god! That really was close!” You’ve landed in the middle of a patch of giant, carnivorous Pitcher plants. Carefully you climb back up the hillside and stare back at the plants “Those things are man eaters!” you say out loud. As if by some twisted form of TV timing you are hit squarely from behind. Losing your balance once again you tumble back down the hillside into a waiting Pitcher plant which quickly closes it’s lid. As you splash in a clear liquid you can hear the voice of Mr. Watercress “Nature doesn’t discriminate my dear.” In anger and fear you try desperately to climb out but the inside walls are lined with thousands of thick, downward facing hairs. Furthermore the liquid makes everything feel slippery. As a young scientist you reach the morbid conclusion that what’s slippery is actually the lipids in your skin dissolving. You scream in growing pain but relief only comes when you finally pass out.

**The End.**
