You had never spent much time around Mr. Watercress - only attended a few of his lectures over the last couple years since joining. You were surprised he knew of your studies. He even showed a genuine interest in your current classes. He suggested a shortcut off the main path that would be a quicker way back to the Garden Hall. Along the way he pointed out a few plants that were delightfully whimsical. In your opinion the “Cup and Saucer” plants with their stiff, waxy flowers holding reserves of sweet nectar were worth the entire trip. The flowers were even edible and snapped in your mouth with a sound and texture that reminded you of eating chocolate easter bunnies on a Sunday morning.

“Do you believe in God?” he unexpectedly asked. “Well, I’m open to the idea.” I responded - honestly hoping to avoid any discussion of religion. “I’ve often thought” he continued “that if God existed he, or she),” he smiled in a grandfatherly way ” would most certainly be a gardener. I mean that literally. Growing things and creating a garden is about as close to godliness as we can hope to achieve in our short lives. This is the conclusion I’ve come to over the years as I reach the end of my own life. I hope I’m making sense. Much of the work around in this very garden is ‘God’s work’” At this point you can’t help but look quizzically at him. “What garden?” you ask in confusion. “Everything you’ve seen today is a garden, a collection of rare and hybrid plants - even plants thought impossible or mythical. Oh, yes some were certainly mythical but we figured out how to make them and place them into an ecosystem. Now they exist here in this paradise. A group of us has been working these last many years to create what you see here and more.” With that he stopped walking and pointed out other species such as a grove of giant Pitcher plants as big as a VW bug down slope from the path. Overhead basketball sized, paper orbs hanging from mature Lantern trees were filled with a luminescent gas and began to glow gently as a warm dusk set in place. The speech and its implications were unsettling but the evening was sublime. Life often seemed filled with odd contradictions.

After a moment of silence Mr Watercress continued “Would you consider joining us? With your talent and natural curiosity I think you would make an excellent addition. You would certainly never be lacking in resources or interesting challenges.”
