There’s no time to think and you're desperate so you reach for the door and hope it is unlocked. Your heart is pounding as you turn the knob and then a moment later an audible “Click”! It’s open! You can hear the voices now echoing down the steps. Quickly you pull open the door, step inside, shut the door quietly after you and search for the lock. There are footsteps coming down the stairs now … you find the deadbolt and slide it in place not a moment too soon as you can feel the handle being tried from the other side. “The door’s still locked Mr. Cuttingsworth.” a voice says from the other room. “Good. We do not want anyone in there. No one needs to see what’s behind that door. It’s none of their business.” says a voice which must be Mr. Cuttingsworth. “Check around the building …” the voices recede and become inaudible. You are still frozen, not daring to move for several minutes before you have a chance to think about just how bright it is in this room. “Yes - the mysterious light.” you think and then turn around.

You are in a long room with many tables atop which sit hundreds if not thousands of plants. Suspended from the ceiling are lights, cords and hoses. This looks like an industrial grade grow house - but underground. You’ve often thought about buying a little grow tent for your apartment but never made the leap mainly because of the expense. This setup dwarfs anything you could have imagined. You are momentarily startled when from across the room several misters begin to noisily spray water on the plants below. Then overhead several sets of lights begin to move between tables pulled by what looks like a chain driven system. Most everything looks automated. This must have cost the Garden Club quite a bit of money.

As you walk between the tables to look at the plants you can see they have been organized by growth stages: seedlings, young plants, larger specimen plants etc. It’s all very slick and impressive not to mention the plants themselves look very healthy. Even though you are not as expert as many of the club members when it comes to identifying plants you still know quite a few species on sight. So it’s somewhat frustrating that not a single one of these plants looks familiar! Many look exotic - possibly from tropical regions of the world - there are definitely a few carnivorous plants. Some of the plants have hand-written labels with dates. Your instant favorite is the “Cup and Saucer” plant which has a stiff waxy flower in the shape of a mini tea cup. Inside many of the teacup flowers were pools of sticky nectar. Adorable! And you can personally attest - quite tasty. Another favorite were a group of young trees about shoulder height with luminescent, papersack-like ‘fruit’. Appropriately they were labeled “Lantern Trees”. Many other plants have various forms of thick muscle-like bases with blunt appendages. Some have trunks atop the base, others have several snake-like arms and still others porcupine-like spines. This group of plants are the most alien of species as they were utterly unlike anything you’ve seen previously.

As you make your way toward the far end of the room the larger plants are tall enough that they rise above your head. One fruiting specimen in particular catches your attention. It smells very similar to delicious fresh baked bread and the fruit looks vaguely similar to bread rolls. The largest plants are boxed in the type of wooden containers you might expect to see at a tree nursery. Understandably someone has placed a barrier of caution tape in front of a plant in the corner which can be nothing other than a giant carnivorous “Pitcher Plant” whose trap is larger than the size of a 50 gal drum. The semi-transparent walls of the drum reveal the shadowy form of something four-legged. You shudder involuntarily at the thought of what poor creature must have met its fate in there. Of course it’s not like animals are meandering around down here and falling into pitcher plants, someone must have fed it to the plant… that thought is not reassuring either.

Now at the end of the room you’ve reached an open doorway in the wall. The opening is covered in thick strips of overlapping plastic which you suppose help to keep in the warmth and humidity of the giant grow room. To your left are the closed sliding doors of a freight elevator which must go to the Glasshouse above. You’d like to stay and wander among the curious plants but a facility like this must be serviced fairly often. There is no going back so the only way is forward.
