Glancing quickly through the pile of tools you see a flat shovel, pruning shears, a dog leash, post-hole diggers, garden rake … hmm not very practical items for self defense. Wait - what’s this?! An old, dirty cricket bat smeared on it’s end with soil or something else vaguely brown. You think to yourself “this will do nicely.” Feeling more confident you decide to investigate the greenhouse and quietly slip in the side door.

Through the plants perhaps 10 yards away Mr. Cuttingsworth speaks with one of the full time employees hired by the Garden Club to keep up with the endless list of tasks. Their conversation is hard to hear from this distance. “Take the dogs out to…” you hear him start. “...it’s important no one sees you…” he continues. In alarm you hear next “... move the body … to the dock…” You move closer in order to hear better but accidentally knock a clay pot from it’s home on a storage shelf. With a loud crack it shatters across the ground and both men look suspiciously in your direction. They walk forward almost to your location. Panicking you jump from your hiding place and start swinging the cricket bat. They both jump back although Mr. Cuttingsworth being older is a bit slower. You feel the bat connect with his shoulder and he cries out in pain. “Stop! What are you doing?!” Others including Mr. Watercress run in to see what’s happening. With alarm on his face he holds out his arms in a gesture of peace as if to say “Ok. lets just calm down here.” For a moment more you hold the bat out shaking it to keep everyone at bay but soon realize you’ve overreacted. Lowering the bat you offer an apology “I’m sorry - I thought… I mean - well I was scared for a moment.” With Mr. Cuttingsworth seated and rubbing his shoulder in the background - Mr. Watercress simply says “Young lady, I think it is best if you leave now.” You do not need anymore prompting and return to your car for the drive home.

The next week you receive a letter in the mail with the official club letterhead informing you that your membership will be refunded and that they kindly request you not return to the club.

**The End**
