The goldendoodle wags its tail so vigorously as you approach that her whole backside is moving in a side to side motion. “Oh my gosh she is so cute! Do you mind if I pet her?” Something about Mr. Watercress’ face tells you he is less than thrilled by the idea. “Sure but be careful - she likes to run away.” he answers. You open the crate door just far enough to put your hand in for a quick scratch behind the ears. The dog pushes the door open the rest of the way and sprints across the room, still wagging its tail, to a group of small, potted trees. Mr. Watercress frowns and gets up to catch the escapee. Kneeling in front of the trees he calls to the dog who is out of your sight but apparently visible to it’s pursuer. Abruptly Mr. Watercress looks up from the dog, a moment later something strikes him in the face, he falls backward holding his nose which is bleeding profusely. Mrs Aster emerges from inside the group of trees, cricket bat in hand and begins moving for the exit. “Run!” She yells as she passes you with the dog at her side, barking excitedly now. You are in shock. Why did that just happen!? This is the same lady who helps with the luncheons? Watercress must have seriously pissed her off. Mrs Aster is now doing her best at a full run and yells “He deserved it! Follow me!.” You look back and forth between Mr. Watercress who is still bleeding on the floor and Mrs Aster moving down the glass house floor. “Shit.” you run after your new compatriot.

She can’t run far but does make it the few dozen yards to the side entrance of the glass house where luckily an electric utility cart is sitting unused except for several plants in it’s cargo area. “Get In!” you yell. It takes just a moment for you to figure out what to turn and what to press before the cart comes to life and you both speed away at a heady 10mph. Mrs Aster is clutching her dog, breathing heavily and generally looking like she might have a heart attack. Not knowing where to go you head toward Garden Hall. The sound of another cart fast approaching comes from behind. Turning to look you see it is 2 carts. One with an angry and bloody looking Mr. Watercress and another with Mr. Cuttingsworth and two of the full time employees. “Grab the wheel!” you yell to Mrs. Aster who tries to oblige with her one free hand. You begin kicking off some of the larger potted plants from the back of your vehicle in the hopes that they slow down your pursuers. The pursuing carts are forced to steer wildly in order to miss the plant barrage.

As you pull up to the Garden Hall’s main entrance it’s just yards to the front doors. You help Mrs Aster up the steps but Watercress and Cuttingsworth are just steps behind and gaining fast. You loudly burst through the main doors with Mrs Astor. Conversation inside stops and all members turn to see what has happened. Your pursuers crash into your back and every one tumbles to the ground including Mrs Aster who lets out a cry as she lands on her dog who in turn lets out a yelp. To those watching It looks as if you and the elderly Mrs Aster have been rather roughly tackled to the ground. The watching crowd lets out a gasp followed by disapproving murmurs. Ms Greene, drawn to full height, walks out from among the crowd, helps Aster to her feet and lends a supporting arm. “There can be no excuse for this behavior Mr. Watercress!” she thunders to a nodding crowd. I suggest the board meet this afternoon to discuss this incident.

Mrs Aster, still looking shaken and out of breath, manages to say “I would like to make a statement about certain events at the glass house to the board as well.” Then with a smile and looking in your direction she continues “Thank you young lady. If it wasn’t for you… well, I don’t want to even think about what could have happened.” The gathered club members look in your direction and polite applause breaks out. This all seems a little over the top to you but doesn’t feel entirely bad either. Ms Greene walks up and says “My dear let's talk about sub-committees. We have several openings …”

The End
