You move from plant to plant, toward the music, trying to keep out of sight the best you can but probably not doing a very good job. You come to a partitioned work space within the glass house and can see a small radio on a table next to an assortment of plants, many of which are in flower. Also in the space is a gray haired man sitting at a table, small brush in hand and carefully focusing on the flowers of a few plants. It looks as though he is gently gathering pollen from one plant and then applying it to another, different plant. From some of your basic biological science courses it is obvious that he must be hybridizing two species. This in itself doesn’t seem unusual - in fact it’s what you would expect to be taking place in a greenhouse.

Your moments of secret observation suddenly come to an end when leaning forward for a better look you knock a clay pot to the ground. You recognize the man as Mr. Watercress as he looks up from his work. Suddenly you feel embarrassed at your sneaking and spying and step out from your hiding spot with a growing blush. With a smile Mr. Watercress says “Ah Hello! Welcome! Welcome to my little workshop. Please come in.” His friendly demeanor washes away the strain of secrecy and embarrassment. You step forward with some amount of gratitude and relief.

On the table in front of Mr. Watercress sit several plants that you recognize as “Medusiads” from past club lectures. They come in many forms but can generally be characterized by their generous numbers of wavy, octopus like arms emanating from a central location. Neatly laid out like a surgeon's instruments were small brushes, tweezers, scissors and even a pair of chopsticks. Noticing your stare, Mr. Watercress says “The tools of the trade my dear! Have a closer look if you like.” You politely decline.

From behind his work table, along the wall you hear a dog’s bark and see a familiar looking, small goldendoodle in a traveling crate. “You think “I guess he keeps his dog close by when working.”
