You turn the key and with a dull click the trophy case unhinges from the wall and swings open a few inches. With little effort you pull it open several feet more and feel a light breeze of cool, slightly damp air. In front of you is a stone platform with a stairway leading down into the darkness. You pick up a flashlight left on the platform, turn it on and begin down the many steps. After several seconds you hear the trophy case click shut behind you. Damn. There is only one way to go now… down.

As you descend several flights of stairs the flashlight bounces off the brick walls and answers the question “Is this a mine shaft? The brick construction tells you “No”. You can only guess that it was constructed at some point prior to the common use of rebar reinforced concrete - maybe late 19th century? When you reach the bottom the brick walls give way to natural rock walls after a few dozen yards. You are now traveling roughly horizontally through what you know from club lore must be an old coal mine shaft. The floors are covered in black dust and periodically you walk through rough hewn timber bracing. After walking for 15 minutes you begin to fear that this might have been a terrible mistake. Eventually the flashlight batteries will give out and then what? It’s like driving on a lonely stretch of highway at night with your gas tank warning light on, hoping that the next exit will have a gas station. So it’s with considerable relief that you see a large wooden door ahead. Made of thick planks of timber the door is held together with large wrought iron straps but... to your dismay is locked. Around the keyhole is the elaborate design of a Medusa. “Of Course! the key!” you think. With a soft “chunk!” the door opens smoothly and beyond is a luminescent glow revealing a passage running in a perpendicular direction to the mineshaft. The glow offers enough light that you can turn off your flashlight. In an inspired gesture of courtesy you leave it behind for the next traveler, step into the new passage and close the door behind you. Now you only need to make one simple decision.
