The potting shed’s recycled lumber walls, pitched roof of wooden shingles and small, covered porch that listed to one side gave you the distinct impression of neglect. Not much had been done to update the shed in years, possibly decades but it served almost as a pilgrimage spot by members looking forward to the messy work of sterilizing and mixing soil, filling potting containers and sewing seeds.

Stepping onto the porch and peering through the open door you see three women in black smocks working at a central table piled with new potting mix. The first is a young face you have been searching for all day - Rosemary. Next, the matronly figure of the mystery guest. Last, the older figure of Ms. Greene. They look up as you stand at the entrance. Rosemary smiles and says “I knew you would come today. You already know Ms Greene. This is our sister.” Pointing to the mystery guest. You feel relieved to finally see your friend. She’s the reason you joined the Garden Club. Her calm and reassured demeanor had always felt soothing. “I’ve been searching for you. ‘Sister’? What...” you begin but are interrupted by the mystery guest.

“You doubt yourself young sister.” She begins. “You have the tools to author your own journey through the glass house. Use them.” This sounds very mystical to you, like something a tarot card reader might say. The words could apply to almost anyone. Even knowing that you have to admit they still resonate.

Ms Greene then starts “You don’t need to trust authority. Those who actively seek authority are the last ones who should be trusted.” She continues her task of removing discarded plants from their pots and adds “Many paths and temptations lie before you but not all will end as you might hope. Be wary of flattery and stay strong in the face of hardship.”

With those words the three women continued working and you get the distinct feeling your “time is up”. With an awkward goodbye and wave to Rosemary you turn and leave the same way you entered just minutes earlier. Standing outside the shed you think “What am I supposed to do now? Do they expect me to go on some quest? You laugh at the idea of yourself as some kind of Odysseus.”
