You lead the Mystery Guest through the Garden Hall grounds and arrive at the English Garden which has always been your personal favorite. The garden’s high walls are pierced by a few arches the smallest of which leads to the potting shed beyond.

The potting shed’s recycled lumber walls, pitched roof of wooden shingles and small, covered porch that listed to one side gave you the distinct impression of neglect. Not much had been done to update the shed in years, possibly decades but it served almost as a pilgrimage spot by members looking forward to the messy work of sterilizing and mixing soil, filling potting containers and sewing seeds. Many plants have been prepared here for eventual use in the club’s various gardens.

Stepping onto the porch and peering through the open door you see two women in black smocks working at a central table piled with new potting mix. The first is a young face you have been searching for all day - Rosemary. The second, older figure is Ms. Greene. They look up as you stand at the entrance. The mystery guest walks past you and joins the others around the table. Rosemary smiles and says “I knew you would come today. You already know Ms Greene. This is our sister.” Pointing to the mystery guest. You feel relieved to finally see your friend. She’s the reason you joined the Garden Club. Her calm and reassured demeanor had always felt soothing. “I’ve been searching for you. ‘Sister’? What...” you begin but are interrupted by the mystery guest.

“Based on your decisions in the main hall today I can see you doubt yourself.” She begins. “Set your doubts aside and author your own journey through the glass house.”
Ms Greene then starts “Your curiosity will give rise to temptation that at times will be your undoing..” She continues her task of removing discarded plants from their pots and adds “Many paths lie before you but few end as you might hope. Find the snake headed key. It will help you truly understand these gardens.”

With those words the three women continue working and you get the distinct feeling your “time is up”. With an awkward goodbye and wave to Rosemary you turn and leave alone. Standing outside the shed you think “What am I supposed to do now? Do they expect me to go on some quest? You laugh at the idea of yourself dressed as Odysseus. You are sure Homer would not approve.”
