After all you’ve seen, getting away from this place seems like the best option now. Cautiously avoiding any voices or sounds of machinery you head toward the side of the glass house where if you walk long enough you feel sure that a door will give you the opportunity to escape.

Along the way you pass through a section of plants that have been partitioned from the rest by yellow caution tape. Ducking under the tape you notice the plants in this section do appear different but also familiar. There are small carnivorous pitcher and sundew plants, trays of “jump-scares” with their gas filled bladders and “Jack-n-the-Box” insides, “Peacock Reed”, “Lantern Tree” saplings, odd looking “Medusa” plants and more. As you continue walking some of the larger specimens come into view. “How long did it take to grow these to this size?” you wonder at the tree sized plants. Thinking of the Garden Club bi-annual plant sales it’s difficult to imagine anyone paying to take these home. They are so big. Who has the room except perhaps a botanical garden or wealthy collector.

Ahead on the ground a greenish blue moss has grown across the floor between the display  tables and the greenhouse’s glass side. As you walk across the moss it feels as soft as a deep shag carpet. Each of your steps unleashes a calming earthy scent as the moss is compressed underfoot. You experience a deep sense of wellbeing and slow down. Suddenly you are overcome with a need to relieve yourself. In panic and embarrassment while fumbling with your belt you manage an appropriate position for the task at hand. In the moments after finishing the moss seems to spread and grow over the remains of your urgent task. Dazed, but also oddly refreshed, you grow hungry and notice the red sticky orbs growing on a nearby, large honeydew plant. Their gooey redness looks oddly delicious in a way that could only be true someplace like Willie Wonka’s edible garden. After noticing their candy sweet odor you make up your mind right there to try a bite and reach out for a particularly juicy looking glob. Your hand slides around the glob and pulls back. More of the sweet aroma is released. At that point the honeydew's arm curls backward and wraps itself around your own arm which to your dismay you are not able to remove. Adrenaline now begins to wake you from your daze and you recognize the seriousness of your situation. You struggle to free your arm but in doing so only make your predicament worse. Looking up for anything nearby that might help, you notice a familiar, small, golden colored dog also stuck in the honeydew plant. Rather you see what is left of a partially decomposed dog. How could you be so stupid! Slowly you are pulled forward until close enough that another arm of the plant is able to wrap itself around you. Out of options now, you yell for help as loudly as you can before it’s too late.

A minute later Mr. Watercress comes from the direction of the music that was playing earlier. He sees you and smiles “Oh hello! What a surprise to see you here. Fascinating. Your curiosity seems to have gotten the better of you. Excuse me.” he says as he turns and leaves. “This is not fair…” you think “...I did nothing wrong!”

The End
