Continuing a short ways up the path you notice a low, bowl shaped depression. A series of leathery ovoid shapes that remind you of pineapples dot the ground. From the base of each shape are what appear to be roots roughly the diameter of a garden hose and terminating in a bright yellowish-green tip. The bowl itself seemed covered in leaf mulch and small sticks. Near the end of each root are visible countless white root hairs which you assume must be how these plants primarily absorb nutrients. The plants do not seem as if they’d be particularly adept at photosynthesis as they have no leaves and even their leathery skin is an ogre brown color. Around the edge of the depression is what you could only describe as a “fairy ring” - a ring of fantastically shaped mushrooms both large and small. It’s not the first time you thought to yourself today “How very odd.” So captivated are you that you take a seat on a nearby boulder to study the spectacle. After some time you notice a plant lift several roots and “step” sideways in an awkward, top heavy motion. About this time you also notice a very faint noxious odor as if something is decaying nearby.

After several more minutes you hear a small creature moving loudly through the leaf litter. It’s a rat. It circles around the depression stopping occasionally to sniff the air as if it’s on the hunt for a particularly tasty morsel. The rat makes its way into the bowl shaped depression, up to one of the ovoid plants and cautiously smells it’s surface. After some time it apparently decides the plant would make a suitable meal and attempts to take a bite. At that moment what appears to be a large pore opened on the side of the plant and emitted a stream of clear liquid toward the rat. Within seconds several of the surrounding plants also emitted streams of the same pungent liquid - some in the direction of the rat, some in what appeared to be random directions. The rat was soon coated in the liquid and appeared to be blinded as stumbled and bumped into the sides of plants. This goes on for several minutes.

What happens next comes as a shock. From outside the depression scores of mushrooms uproot themselves and “walk” in the direction of the rat. Their “walking” is almost comical in nature. It is a bow legged sidle. They head toward the disoriented rat even though they have no eyes. Possibly they can sense the pungent chemical smell that’s coating the rat? You can tell it will be just a matter of time before the disoriented rat is boxed in by his predators. Upon touching the rat the mushrooms send out filaments as a way of attaching themselves and pulling the rat closer. It takes time but eventually the rat is immobilized and the fungi cover their victim entirely. Within minutes the rat is decomposed and almost indistinguishable from the mulch. At this point you realize the mulch is not composed entirely of leaves and sticks but also bones and dried pelts. Somehow here in the very backyard of Garden Hall a unique symbiotic relationship has evolved unlike any other in the world. The question you realize is - how? For lack of a better term these “crypto-botanicals” exist nowhere else in the world as far as you are aware.

This Garden Club business is turning weirder than a bad Nancy Drew novel you think. But this isn’t fiction - this is real and you can’t help but wonder if it’s safe out here on your own. Just then you see someone walking on the path in the opposite direction. You see it is Mr. Watercress walking his dog.

“Hello!” He greets you with a warm smile and a wave. “What a surprise to find you out here. Fine afternoon for a walk. I’m just stretching my legs before heading back to the fundraiser. Care to join me?”
